OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-accessing-images-private-registries.adoc

[id="olm-accessing-images-private-registries_{context}"]
= Accessing images for Operators from private registries

[role="_abstract"]

> To enable Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) to install Operators whose images are hosted in private registries, you can create pull secrets in {product-title} and reference them from catalog sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Operators whose images are hosted in private registries by using Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM), you can create pull secrets in {product-title} and reference them from catalog sources.
```
